Sample: Added a new sample app: videodecodepicfiles. (#498)
ROCm/rocDecode: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

* The new bitstream reader feature. The bitstream reader contains a few built-in stream file parsers, including elementary stream file parser and IVF container file parser. Currently the reader can parse AVC, HEVC and AV1 elementary stream files and AV1 IVF container files. More format support will be added in the future.

> * A new sample app, videodecoderaw, which uses the bitstream reader instead of FFMPEG demuxer to get picture data.

Reviewer: Combining this line with the second sample item makes the changelog less repetitions, and makes it easier to see the samples that have been added.

I also pulled the description of videodecodepicfiles from the readme since it was more descriptive in my opinion.

```suggestion
* Two new samples, videodecoderaw and videodecodepicfiles, have been added. videodecoderaw uses the bitstream reader instead of the FFMPEG demuxer to get picture data, and videodecodepicfiles shows how to decode an elementary video stream stored in multiple files with each file containing bitstream data of a coded picutre
```

Author: Agreed the combined version looks better. Done.

* More CTests: VP9 test and tests on video decode raw sample.

> * A new sample app, videodecodepicfiles, which reads individual picture data from a group of files with each file containing bitstream of a coded picture.

Reviewer: This can be removed if it's combined with the previous sample line.

Author: Done.
